COMMONSUI Setup (#266)
CodeForAfrica/PromiseTracker: README.md

**Note:** Reach out to your team lead for directions on how to receive the `CHECK_ACCESS_TOKEN`

#### Working with CommonsUI Locally

[CommonsUI](https://github.com/CodeForAfrica/COMMONS-UI) is a library developed and maintained by CfA, that packages React components used to develop various UIs.

To install the commons-ui submodule locally, run:

```sh
  yarn submodules

>   npm run commons-setup

Reviewer: If we're using `yarn`, lets use `yarn` everywhere ... no need to mix it up with `npm`

```

> CommonsUI is now ready to be tested locally. To get started, check out to the branch you want to test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
COMMONS-UI is now ready to be tested locally. To get started, check out to the branch you want to test:
```

**Note:** Reach out to your team lead for directions on how to receive the `CHECK_ACCESS_TOKEN`

#### Working with CommonsUI Locally

> [CommonsUI](https://github.com/CodeForAfrica/COMMONS-UI) is a library developed and maintained by CfA, that packages React components used to develop various UIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[COMMONS UI](https://github.com/CodeForAfrica/COMMONS-UI) is a library, developed and maintained by CfA, that packages React components used to develop various UIs.
```

To build and run the project with COMMONS-UI submodule locally, run:

```sh
  yarn dev:commons
```

COMMONS-UI is now ready to be tested locally. To get started, check out to the branch you want to test:

```sh

>   cd src/commons-ui

Reviewer: Is this still the case?
